[Music]
[Applause]
hi Earl
this is Phoebe from Empire office
supplies I'd like to talk to you about
your toner needs I don't need any toner
in this lesson you have fun learn
English with friends with this scene
with Phoebe on the phone now it comes in
two parts in the first part we'll learn
some grammar new vocabulary and
pronunciation and in the second part we
will learn how to have a fluent
conversation on the phone in English are
you ready let's get started
[Music]
very easy you be from this script and
you try to sell as much Telenor as you
possibly can okay I can do that by the
way I love my office why don't we do a
trial run okay all right hi this is
Phoebe from Empire office supplies can I
speak to your supply manager please I'm
the supply manager um okay I'd like to
talk to you about your toner needs we
don't need any toner
okay I'm sorry to bother you bye bye
what was wrong with that call oh well
all right no offense but you were kind
of rude they're always gonna tell you
they don't need toner but that's okay
because whatever they say you can find
the answer to it here in the script so I
think you're ready to sell toner do you
have any last question no oh wait yes I
do
I do have one question what is toner
Phoebe just hilarious well I wanted to
let you know that if you're new here
every single week we make fun lessons
like this one so that you can learn to
understand fast speaking natives without
getting lost without missing the joke
and without subtitles
just like Heydar who says she's quickly
progressing towards her English learning
goals with our lessons we're gonna help
you it to reach your goals on English
too all you have to do is hit that
subscribe button and the bell down below
so you don't miss any of our new lesson
[Music]
it's very easy you'd be from the script
and you try to sell as much tone or as
you possibly can the word script
normally refers to the written words of
a play movie or show like the text Joey
has to read and memorize for performing
as an actor in this example come on you
have to tell me what happens tomorrow oh
uh just going over the script now you
want to read line something oh I'm not
an actress it can also refer to a
standard message to deliver on the phone
or in person as we can see in the scene
it's common practice in telemarketing to
use scripts as to make the service more
efficient and professional so Phoebe's
new boss tells her to try to sell as
much toner as she possibly can
you'd be from the script and you try to
sell as much toner as you possibly can
in other words to try and sell the most
she can in English we use the structure
as plus adjective or adverb plus as to
make comparisons when the things we are
comparing are equal in some way so which
of these examples is not correct
[Music]
trick question
in fact all three of these examples are
correct all right boys last chance for
the tickets otherwise I give them to my
new boyfriend Joshua
no thank you wait wait wait wait wait
come on come on let's trade look I want
those basketball seats as much as you do
okay but we can't live in the small
apartment after we've lived here and you
try to sell as much toner as you
possibly can okay I can do that by the
way I love my office by the way is app
lightweight to add extra information or
make a sudden comment on a different
subject it is used in both formal and
informal contexts you know my friends
are having a Halloween party tonight at
my old apartment so you could come maybe
I could meet the guy you're marrying
well I'm supposed to be working at the
restaurant tonight I'm supposed to be
working right now so who cares by the
way it's a costume party
oh okay so that's why you know by the
way I love my office why don't we do a
trial run okay a trial run is a test of
a new product or service to discover how
successful or effective it is in this
case she's referring to testing Phoebe
as a new telemarketing operator so they
go on to pretend to have a conversation
over the phone as a trial run hi this is
Phoebe from Empire office supplies can I
speak to your supply manager please on
the supply manager as a noun supplies
refer to something that is wanted or
needed often in large quantities and
over a long period of time example the
refugees are urgently in need of food
and medical supplies in this case Empire
office supplies is a company that sells
office supplies that is items that
commercial offices would normally
purchase in large quantities like paper
staples or toner toner is ink for a
printer or photocopier normally put into
cartridges like this
hi this is Phoebe from Empire office
supplies can I speak to your supply
manager please
on the supply manager okay I'd like to
talk to you about your toner needs even
though the word need is normally seen as
a verb did you know that it can also be
a noun when used this way it's normally
said in the plural form referring to
something that somebody needs in order
to be healthy or comfortable example
people with mental health problems have
special needs cat is clearly not
fulfilling your emotional needs but
cacey
she's she's smart and funny and gets you
well I think it's great for you going on
a date you know I mean it sounds healthy
I mean you have needs embrace your
womanhood in the case of Phoebe sentence
she's referring to the needs of the
other person's company which could
include office supplies like toner we
don't need any toner ok I'm sorry to
bother you bye bye did you hear how
Phoebe says the word to in this sentence
how it appears to be just another very
short irrelevant sound heard in spoken
English is actually the type of sound
which learners often fail to reproduce
so there's two very important things
about pronunciation we can learn from
this simple function word first let's
understand what's going on with the T
sound so the letter T does not always
have to be pronounced as a strong T 2 is
a function word so that means in most
cases it will not be emphasized when
spoken it will be unstressed when
unstressed the strong T in the word 2 is
often pronounced as a top T which sounds
similar to a fast D heard in the words
ladder or kiddin check out these
examples that's not true is it
[Music]
why have you tell me to do that I just
think it's time for you to settle down I
just think it's time for you to settle
down from now on this apartment is empty
to me this apartment is empty to me now
you probably noticed the vowel sound
isn't exactly the ooh
heard in the emphasized pronunciation -
this is because she's making an
unstressed up sound which in English we
called the schwa sound listen to these
examples of the schwa sound appearing in
other unstressed words I got this pair
of marked XS let me tell you there's no
room for excess anything I'm retired
come on in Oh go by the window you can
pretend to be surfing you can pretend to
be surfing first I would like to say
thank you for agreeing to see me again
first I would like to say thank you for
agreeing to see me again hey do you want
to learn more about how natives really
speak like you just did here well we
have a really fun way for you to do it
with our fluid with friends course in
this 48 course you will master native
pronunciation alongside the first two
seasons of the TV series friends with 20
plus page PDF power lessons vocabulary
memorization software access to our
flute C's for gold global community and
so much more you can try that for free
with our three part master class so what
are you waiting for
just look up here or down the
description below and you can sign up
for that right now what was wrong with
that call well alright so as Phoebe's
boss asked what was wrong with that call
Phoebe responds that she was kind of
rude while also telling her not to be
offended by the comment she does that by
using expression no offense no offense
but you are kind of rude
it is normally used before or after
criticizing or making comment about
somebody when you don't intend to make
them feel personally offended angry or
upset by it doing that to me I'm I told
him to go easy on it no offense but you
know sometimes it's hard to understand
you know with the accent sometimes if
the other person wants to let you know
that they were not insulted or didn't
feel upset by your statement they might
respond with the words none taken
meaning no offense was taken but
designing a building in New York City is
your lifelong dream I do not want to
work for GNB again those guys are evil
no offense Marshall dude none taken
they're always gonna tell you they don't
need toner but that's okay
now let's take a look at the
pronunciation in this utterance they're
always gonna tell you they don't need
toner but that's okay did you notice how
the conjugation but is just barely
audible so what happened here is that
butt is a distressed function word now
when a T sound at the end of a function
word is followed by a vowel beginning
with a th sound natives usually omit the
T sound so instead of saying but that's
okay we say but that's okay
shortly after we see another similar
instance of connected speech with T like
this I do have one question what is
toner
however the T here at the end of what is
followed by a vowel therefore we get a
tap T like we saw earlier instead of
what is toner Phoebe says what is toner
so based on what you just learned how do
you think a native would pronounce the
following phrase
[Music]
it would be the last one but he's alone
now while the word he does begin with a
consonant H because it is a function
word we often drop the H sound meaning
we pronounce it as a single vowel e
so often when you see a T followed by
the word he you will pronounce a top T
let's look at a few more examples of
connected speech with T sounds like in
these two instances we have just seen we
have rolls here this is not that kind of
place this is not that kind of voice
yeah oh and I know but this isn't how it
looks at all but this isn't how it looks
at all this brick is my husband hey man
how was your first day working at the
restaurant damn it get out of my kitchen
get out and get my kitchen get out
so however hard it is for you to give up
this puppy so however
this is Phoebe from Empire office
supplies can I speak to your supply
manager please
Earl thanks hi Earl
this is Phoebe from Empire office
supplies I'd like to talk to you about
your toner needs I don't need any toner
I'm hearing what you're saying but at
our prices everyone needs toner may I
ask why you want to know why you want to
know why I surely do okay I don't need
any toner because I'm gonna kill myself
is that because you're out of toner
this is Phoebe from Empire office
supplies so in this scene we see a good
example of how to be polite but not
overly formal when speaking on the phone
she starts by greeting the other person
to greet is to welcome someone to a
conversation with particular words or
actions like to say hello or to shake
their hand while hello is the most
common and recommended way to greet a
person on the phone in both formal and
informal situations it might sound a bit
too serious or repetitive if you're
talking with your friends for example so
some other common words and expressions
you could use if you want to give a
friendly tone or hey or hi okay hi this
is Monica from the play listen the
number that you gave me can you do me a
favor so if you're calling somebody who
wouldn't recognize or know you you
probably want to introduce yourself hi
this is Chandler Bing I made a
reservation there and I need to change
it Phoebe here makes the use of the most
common way to do that with the
expression this is although the phrase
Phoebe used is best you could also say
my name is over the phone you will
almost never hear I am then she goes on
to say where she is from
meaning the company she is representing
Phoebe from Empire office supplies check
out these other example hello this is
Dwight Schrute calling from Dunder
Mifflin and according to our records you
appear to be low on office supplies this
is a specially set in professional
contacts in other types of situations it
can also be said meaning simply the
place where you're calling from hi this
is Ross Geller in suite 206 I think I
forgot my completely in this lesson we
made with Harry Potter you can learn
some great greetings from when you are
meeting someone for the first time in
person
you might want to watch that after you
finish this lesson just click up at the
top right
this is Phoebe from Empire office
supplies can I speak to your supply
manager please we're making a request as
such as asking to speak to someone else
it's common for that question to start
with the words can I in a more formal
call it it also becoming to ask may I
or even would it be possible for me to
[Music]
Rachel Green's line how may I help you
hi Earl this is Phoebe from Empire
office supplies I'd like to talk to you
about your toner needs I'd like stands
for I would like wood is a modal verb
that has many different applications
especially in conditional sentences
however in this case we use it in order
to be polite with a direct request when
said in an affirmative statement all
right well let me show you how it's done
yes I'd like to speak to your office
manager please yes hello this is Michael
Scott in other words I like is another
way to say I want it is used when you
want something specific in that moment
or in the future hi I'd like to see a
menu please oh I'm sorry there are no
meals on flights less than two hours I'm
hearing what you're saying but at our
prices everyone needs toner so Phoebe
here says I'm hearing meaning she's
paying attention and understanding what
the other person is saying considering a
conversation over the phone relies only
on the voice for expressing feelings or
ideas this type of expression or similar
ones such as I understand or I see are
great ways of adding a sense of respect
and attention to the conversation hey
Oscar how you doing Dwight Schrute
calling listen little question for you
buddy
I called six minutes ago and no one
answered so I was wondering if you could
explain
oh I see so sounds like you also it can
be used when you are about to disagree
or give a different argument and you
want to let the other person know you
are not ignoring what they are saying
I'm hearing what you're saying but at
our prices everyone needs toner here the
words may I are not simply used to make
a request but to soften the impact of
what could be considered a disrespectful
question well Jerry one who got away may
I ask why you're leaving the Michael
Scott Paper Company
really how'd she simply asked why as
somebody calling without being asked to
that could have been considered rude as
the other person has no obligation to
answer the question you want to know why
you want to know why I surely do
adverbs like surely certainly and
definitely can be used to emphasize a
statement or to show that there is no
doubt about it if Phoebe makes you laugh
then you definitely want to check out
this playlist between all of our lessons
with Phoebe you can watch that after you
finish this lesson
[Music]
that's very easy UV from the script and
you try to sell as much tone or as you
possibly can okay I can do that by the
way I love my office why don't we do a
trial run oh okay all right hi this is
Phoebe from Empire office supplies can I
speak to your supply manager please
on the supply manager I'm okay I'd like
to talk to you about your toner needs we
don't need any toner
okay I'm sorry to bother you bye bye
what was wrong with that call oh well
all right um no offense but you were
kind of rude they're always gonna tell
you they don't need toner but that's
okay because whatever they say you can
find the answer to it here in the script
so I think you're ready to sell toner do
you have any last question no oh wait
yes I do I do have one question what is
toner this is Phoebe from Empire office
supplies
can I speak to your supply manager
please
Earl thanks hi Earl
this is Phoebe from Empire office
supplies I'd like to talk to you about
your toner needs I don't need any toner
I'm hearing what you're saying but at
our prices everyone needs toner may I
ask why you don't want to know why you
want to know why I surely do okay I
don't need any toner because I'm gonna
kill myself
is that because you're out of toner so I
hope you had a lot of fun today and that
you'll feel a little bit more confident
in your next conversation on the phone
in English and there's more where that
came from
check out one of these other lessons
over here that I know you're going to
love and now it's time to go beyond the
classroom and live your English haha
yeah